fix err links:https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider… (#1608)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-aws: docs/roleassumption.md

management cluster to create the target cluster(in a different AWS account. This can be achieved by using the phases in
clusterctl to perform all the steps except the pivoting. This will provide us with a bare-bones functioning cluster that
we can use as a management cluster.

> To begin with follow the steps in this [getting started guide](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-aws/blob/release-0.2/docs/getting-started.md) to setup the environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin with follow the steps in this [getting started guide](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/user/quick-start.html) to setup the environment
```
is the real getting started guide
